### Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness

_Submissions to App Review, including apps you make available for pre-order, should be final versions with all necessary metadata and fully functional URLs included; placeholder text, empty websites, and other temporary content should be scrubbed before submission. Make sure your app has been tested on-device for bugs and stability before you submit it, and include demo account info (and turn on your back-end service!) if your app includes a login. If you are unable to provide a demo account due to legal or security obligations, you may include a built-in demo mode in lieu of a demo account with prior approval by Apple. Ensure the demo mode exhibits your app’s full features and functionality. We will reject incomplete app bundles and binaries that crash or exhibit obvious technical problems._


**Issue Description**
The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact App Store users.
Bug description: When we launched the app, app displayed a splash screen and no further action occurred in the app during the review.
Review device details:

  
- Device type: iPhone 13 mini
- OS version: iOS 17.6.1

**Next Steps**

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.
If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.


**Resources**

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see [Testing a Release Build](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/testing-a-release-build).

- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see [Networking Overview](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/NetworkingInternetWeb/Conceptual/NetworkingOverview/Introduction/Introduction.html).





### Guideline 4.1 - Design - Copycats

  

The app or its metadata appears to contain potentially misleading references to third-party content.

  

Specifically, the app includes content that resembles BTS without the necessary authorization.

  

**Next Steps**

  

If you have the necessary rights to distribute an app with this third-party content, attach documentary evidence in the App Review Information section in App Store Connect and reply to this message.

  

If you do not have the necessary rights to the third-party content, It would be appropriate to revise the app and metadata to remove the third-party content before resubmitting for review.

  

**Resources**

  

Learn more about requirements to prevent apps from impersonating other apps or services in [guideline 4.1](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#copycats).

  

**Support**

  

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the [Contact Us module](https://developer.apple.com/contact/topic/#!/topic/select).

- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the [Apple Developer Forums](https://developer.apple.com/forums/).

- Help improve the review process or identify a need for clarity in our policies by [suggesting guideline changes](https://developer.apple.com/contact/app-store/?topic=guideline).

- Request a 30-minute online meeting with an App Review expert to [discuss the guidelines and best practices for a smooth review process](https://developer.apple.com/events/view/upcoming-events?search=review).